c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\YourJobQuest.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\YourJobQuest.pdb
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\obj\Debug\YourJobQuest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\obj\Debug\YourJobQuest.dll
c:\users\devtwo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\YourJobQuest\YourJobQuest\obj\Debug\YourJobQuest.pdb
